org.kohaerenzstiftung.Activity: Activity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.Activity: void hideSoftKeyboard(android.view.View)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.AutoCompleteTextView: AutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.AutoCompleteTextView: AutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.AutoCompleteTextView: void setMultiline(boolean)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.AutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.String getColumnName()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.EditText
org.kohaerenzstiftung.EditText: void setEnabled(boolean)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.EditText: void setEditable(boolean)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.EditText: EditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.EditText: EditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.EditText: void setMultiline(boolean)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.Language
org.kohaerenzstiftung.Language: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.ListView
org.kohaerenzstiftung.ListView: ListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.ListView: void setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.ListView: android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo getContextMenuInfo()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.ListView: void setSelection(int)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.ListView: int getFirstVisiblePosition()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.MenuActivity: MenuActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.AndtroinActivity: AndtroinActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.AndtroinBroadcastReceiver
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.AndtroinBroadcastReceiver: AndtroinBroadcastReceiver()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.AndtroinService
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.AndtroinService: AndtroinService()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Category
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Category: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Database$DetailsKeyValueX
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Database$DetailsKeyX
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Denomination: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DenominationActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DenominationActivity: DenominationActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DenominationForm
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DenominationForm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DenominationFormActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DenominationFormActivity: DenominationFormActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DetailsKey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DetailsKey: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DetailsKeyActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DetailsKeyActivity: DetailsKeyActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DetailsKeyValue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.DetailsKeyValue: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.EditEntryStarterActivity: EditEntryStarterActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Entry: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.EntryActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.EntryActivity: EntryActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Example
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.Example: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FileActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FileActivity: FileActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FormAttribute
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FormAttribute: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FormAttributeAutoCompleteTextView
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FormAttributeAutoCompleteTextView: FormAttributeAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FormAttributeAutoCompleteTextView: FormAttributeAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.FormAttributeAutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.String getColumnName()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.ItemView: void setTextColor(int)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.List
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.List: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.ListActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.ListActivity: ListActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.MainActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.MainActivity: MainActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.MenuActivity: MenuActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.MergeActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.MergeActivity: MergeActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.PreferenceActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.PreferenceActivity: PreferenceActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.PromptActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.PromptActivity: PromptActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.PurchaseActivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.PurchaseActivity: PurchaseActivity()
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$drawable: int button
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$drawable: int disabled
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$drawable: int icon
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$drawable: int pressed
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$drawable: int unpressed
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int LinearLayout01
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int LinearLayout02
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int autocompletetextview_searchme
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_cancel
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_chooselist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_exportlist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_httptest
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_importlist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_leftedit
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_leftignore
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_leftmerge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_leftno
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_leftok
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_leftpeek
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_newlist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_ok
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_preferences
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_purchaselists
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_rightedit
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_rightignore
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_rightmerge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_rightno
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_rightok
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int button_rightpeek
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_answer
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_attribute
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_filename
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_listname
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_sourcedenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_sourcelanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_targetdenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_targetlanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_translation
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_value
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int edittext_weight
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linLayoutBottom
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linear
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearLayout
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearLayout1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearLayout19
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearLayout2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearLayout3
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearLayout4
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearlayout_details
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linearlayout_formkeys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linlayout1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int linlayout2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listView_categories
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_attributes
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_categories1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_categories2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_correctanswer
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_correction
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_details
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_entries
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_entrycategories
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_examples
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_files
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_forms
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_infinitives
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_purchaseblelists
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_sourcedenominations
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_sourcedenominations1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_sourcedenominations2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_sourcedetailskeys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_sourceformkeys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_targetdenominations
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_targetdenominations1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_targetdenominations2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_targetdetailskeys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_targetformkeys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_values
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int listview_wronganswer
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_add_formkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addcategory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_adddetail
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_adddetailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addentry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addexample
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addsourcedenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addsourcedetailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addsourceformkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addtargetdenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addtargetdetailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_addtargetformkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_binaryselectforimport
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_cancelled
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_changedir
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_chooseinfinitive
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_clone
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deletecategory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deletedenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deletedetail
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deletedetailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deletedetailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deleteentry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deleteexample
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deleteform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deleteformkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deletelist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_deleteschedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editcategory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editdenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editdetailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editdetailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editentry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editexample
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_editformkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_existinglist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_exportintocurrent
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_flatselectforimport
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_gotoandtroin
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_jsonselectforimport
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_more
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_newlist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_purchase
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_purchaselist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_refunded
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_removeschedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_searchentry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_sortbysource
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_sortbytarget
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int menuitem_unavailable
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int radiobutton_searchbysource
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int radiobutton_searchbytarget
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int radiobutton_sourcelanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int radiobutton_targetlanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int radiogroup_bywhat
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int radiogroup_targetlanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int scrollView1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int seekbar_itemsperday
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int seekbar_itemsperseries
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_answer
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_categories
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_detailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_lists
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_sourceLanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int spinner_targetLanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textView1
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textView2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textView3
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textView_status
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_answerlanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_filename
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_formkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_itemsperday
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_itemsperseries
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_one
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_prompt
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_promptlanguage
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_somanyperday
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_somanyperseries
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_sourcevalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_targetvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_text
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$id: int textview_value
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_andtroin
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_andtroin_purchase
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_denominationform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_file
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_merge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_prompt
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int activity_purchase
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_addentrycategory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_chooseinfinitive
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_chooselist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_createentry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_createlist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_detailskeychallenge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_editcategory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_editdetailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_editformkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_enterfilename
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_example
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_formchallenge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_pickattribute
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_pickdetail
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_searchentry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int dialog_textview
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$layout: int view_onetomany
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_body_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_category_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_denominationform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_details_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_detailskeys_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_entrycategory_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_examples_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_files_directory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_files_import
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_formkeys_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_forms_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_header_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_infinitivechooser
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_purchase
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int context_schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_denominationform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_files
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$menu: int options_prompt
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_category
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_detail
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_detailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_example
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_form
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_formkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_source_form_key
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_sourcedenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_sourcedetailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_target_form_key
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_targetdenomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int add_targetdetailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int andtroin_main
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int app_name
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int back_without_function
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int by_source
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int by_target
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int cancel
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int cancelled
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int categories
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int choose
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int choose_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int click_2_start_challenge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int click_2_start_peer_review
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int clone_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int clone_denominationform
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int clone_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int correct_answer
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_category
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_category2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_denomination2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_detail
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_detail2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_detailskey2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_detailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_detailskeyvalue2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_entry2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_example
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_example2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_form
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_form2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_formkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_formkey2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_list2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int delete_schedule2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int details
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int details_keys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_category
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_detail
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_detailskeys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_detailskeyvalue
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_example
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_form
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_formkey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int edit_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int enter_directory
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int entry_not_exists_create
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int error_change_dir
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int error_open_file
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int examples
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int exercise
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int exercise2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int existing_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int export_into_current
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int export_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int failure
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int file_not_found
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int filename
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int find_peers
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int forms
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int generic_error
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int goto_andtroin
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int gotolist
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int hello
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help2
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help_andtroinactivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help_denominationactivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help_detailskeyactivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help_entryactivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help_fileactivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int help_listactivity
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int ignore
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int import_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int invalid_denomination
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int invalid_denomination_form
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int invalid_detailskey
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int invalid_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int items_per_day
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int items_per_series
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int list_exists
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int merge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int merge_no
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int merge_yes
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int more
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int name
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int new_challenge
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int new_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int new_peers
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int no
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int no_detailskeys_available
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int no_external_files
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int no_list_available
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int no_peers_found
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int off
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int ok
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int peek
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int preferences
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int purchase
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int purchase_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int purchase_lists
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int refunded
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int remove_schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int save_changes
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int schedule
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int search_entry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int select_file_for_import
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int select_for_import
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int select_for_import_binary
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int select_for_import_flat
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int select_for_import_json
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int sort_by_source
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int sort_by_target
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int source_denominations
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int source_form_keys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int source_language
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int success
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int target_denominations
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int target_form_keys
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int target_language
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int test_http
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int unknown_list
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int value
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int values
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$string: int yes
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$style: int Button
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.R$xml: int preferences
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.ScheduledEntry
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView: void setmCheckWholeEntries(boolean)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView: void setBySource(boolean)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView: SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView: SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.kohaerenzstiftung.andtroin.SearchEntryAutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.String getColumnName()
